Kuda Readme

The best place to start with Kuda is probably the samples. Viewing these should 
give you some ideas of things you can do with the Hemi library. You can also 
open the Kuda Editor to start scripting 3D Worlds using a graphical interface.
As you begin to work with the Hemi library, please refer to the API
documentation for notes on how to use its different features.

Samples:
For each sample, open the html file in a browser to view it. You can open the 
js file to see how the world was created and scripted.

helloWorld  -   This is a simple hello world sample. It shows how to set up a
                simple world, load a model, and move the camera to a viewpoint.
                It also shows setting up a message handler.
tutoriala   -   This shows how to hide shapes in a model, animate a model using
                its keyframes, animate a model using translators and rotators,
                handle mouse clicks, and generate a basic particle effect. It
                also uses an HTML button from the web page to interact with the
                3D scene.
hud         -   This shows how to create a heads-up-display with multiple pages
                that have different configurations. It also shows how to handle
                mouse interactions with the HUD elements.
particles   -   This shows how to use the Kuda particle system to define a more
                complex path for a set of particles to follow.
Tiny House  -   This shows a simplified version of using the pressure engine
                with a single room and window house.  It is known as "Bubba's
                Outhouse".
Pressure    -   This shows how to set up a very complex script that takes
House B         advantage of Scenes to organize behavior into logical segments.
                It also shows how to set up the manometer, blower door, and
                smoke puffer weatherization tools as well as the camera
                navigation tool. There is a complex PressureEngine as well as
                custom classes and a custom Message type.
Hint        -   This sample is based off of the Tutorial A sample but it shows
Button          how to incorporate the Hint extension into your viewer. Be sure
                to check the HTML file to see important additions made there.
Reset       -   This sample is based off of the Tutorial A sample but it shows
Button          how to incorporate the Reset extension into your viewer. Be sure
                to check the HTML file to see important additions made there.
Hello World -   This sample is based off of the Hello World sample, except the
Octane          entire World was created using the Kuda World Editor and saved
                as a JSON file in the Kuda format called "Octane".
Dollhouse   -   This shows how to take a World that was created using the Kuda
Octane          World Editor and modify it after loading it from Octane. We
                define two new particle effects as well as binding camera
                movement to HTML buttons in the viewer.
lighting    -   This sample shows how to use the the texture module, hemi.texture
                to skin a house.  The skinning shows the effect of sunlight
                at five times of the day.
FadingWalls -   This sample shows how to dynamically set the opacity of an object
                using a custom shader and setting material parameters on the 
                render tick. Some of this functionality will be built into future
                versions of Kuda.
particle_   -   This is a demonstration of the Kuda particle system, which works
system_demo     by setting bounding boxes which the particles will flow through.
                The size and color of the particles can be changed with respect to
                time by a config obejct.
shapes      -   This shows the Kuda simple shape library, which allows for the easy
                creation of most common shapes, plus custom meshes through an array
                of vertices.
VideoSample -   This sample that offers two techniques to do video, one overlays, the
                other hides the 3d.  The overlay uses and iframe for the video which
                is the only technique with the o3d plugin that works across the
                browsers on Windows.  It does not work on a Mac with the o3d plugin.
AudioHouse  -   This sample shows how to incorporate audio media such as sound
                effects into the Tutorial A house model.
Physics     -   This samples shows very basic integration with the jiglib
                physics library.

Kuda Editor:
The Kuda Editor provides you with a graphical interface to the Hemi library and
allows you to perform much of the same work in a more visual manner. You can:
- View and modify 3D models
- Create animations for model keyframes
- Create camera viewpoints
- Create message handlers to script behaviors
- Save your project as a JSON file
- Load your saved project from file

To begin using it, go to the editor directory and open the editor.html file in
Firefox 3.6 or later. The Kuda editor does not support IE, Chrome, or older
versions of Firefox. It does not support Mac OS X.

Documentation:
To view documentation for the Hemi library, go to the doc directory and open the
index.html file.

Directory Listing:
assets  -   Your 3D models, images, etc. You should place any assets you create 
            or use in this directory.
doc     -   API level documentation for the Hemi library
editor  -   The graphical Kuda Editor
hemi    -   The Hemi library
hext    -   The Hemi Extensions library
lib     -   Third party libraries used by Hemi and the Kuda Editor
media   -   Location for the hemi.audio mp3 flash player swf
o3djs   -   O3D javascript libraries
